   *NOTE*
        Change the #define at the top of interface.c to the location of
        the file neuralnet.hlp (the help file for the program).

   Title: NeuralNet

   Author: Eugene W. Hodges, IV (ewhodges@eos.ncsu.edu)

   Source files: XButil.c XButil.h compb.c draw.c draw.h header.h
                 inputseed.c interface.c interface.h learn.c
                 NXhelp.h nxhelp.c weights.c

   Version: 2.0
   Date   : 1/21/93

   Description: 
	NeuralNet is a graphical user interface to the designing, training, and
        evaluating of neural networks using the backpropagation training
        algorithm.

        Simple sample network, pattern, and weights files are included.  No
        explanation of the file formats are included except the pattern files,
        which are explained in the help file supplied with the program.  The
        point being that the program takes care of the generation of the other
        two files, network and weights, for the user.  The pattern files must
        be created by the user.  All file formats are in text (ASCII).

   *NOTE*
        Change the #define at the top of interface.c to the location of
        the file neuralnet.hlp (the help file for the program).

        Type 'xmkmf' to build a Makefile for your system and 'make' to compile.

   System Information:
        NeuralNet is written in X Windows Version 11 Release 4 and uses
        the Motif widget set version 1.1.3.

   Acknowledgements:
        Thanks to Dr. John C. Sutton, III, for funding this program and making
        it available to the world.

   Copyright Information:
        Copyright 1992, 1993 by Eugene W. Hodges, IV
        All Rights Reserved

        Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and text for
        non-commercial purposes and without fee is hereby granted, provided 
        that this notice appears in all copies.

        The author disclaims all warranties with regard to the software or 
        text including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.

        In no event shall the author or NCSU be liable for any special,
        indirect or cosequential damages or any damages whatsoever 
        resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an 
        action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, 
        arising out of or in connection with the use or performance 
        of this software or text.
